Reorganize docs to follow topic folder structure and prep content for JB2 (#2422)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/authoring.md

---
title: Author Content
short_title: Author Content
---

Learn how to write and structure content for your Jupyter Book.

## Guides in this section

### How-To Guides

> - [Create content](authoring/create-content.md) - Add new files and structure your book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Create content](getting-started/create-content.md) - Add new files and structure your book
```

- [Use roles and directives](authoring/roles-and-directives.md) - Apply custom markup to your content

> - [Cross-reference content](authoring/cross-reference.md) - Link between pages and sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cross-reference content](getting-started/cross-reference.md) - Link between pages and sections
```

- [Math and equations](authoring/math.md) - Write mathematical content with LaTeX
- [Figures and images](authoring/figures.md) - Add images, plots, and diagrams

> - [Citations and bibliography](authoring/citations.md) - Cite references and generate bibliographies

Author: oooh good catch - that was from a previous effort to port over that content

- [Document authorship](authoring/authorship.md) - Add author metadata and affiliations

### Reference

> - [Configuration reference](authoring/configuration.md) - Configure your book with myst.yml

Reviewer: this doesn't exist either
